NARRATOR: The fierce
Kalos League semifinal battle
in Lumiose City
between Ash and Sawyer
has ended in
victory for our hero!
Next up is the final match,
where Ash will face Alain.
Now, on the eve of their bout,
one can only imagine what
these two formidable
Trainers have on their minds.
NURSE JOY:
Your Pokémon have recovered
and they're feeling just fine.
ASH: Thanks, Nurse Joy!
WIGGLYTUFF: [HAPPY]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: Looking good, buddy!
PIKACHU: [GRATEFUL]
NURSE JOY: Good luck.
Be great in the finals!
ASH:
I'll do my best! And thanks!
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
MEYER: Hey!
ASH/PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
MEYER: Hi there, Ash!
CLEMBOT: Hi, Ash!
ASH:
Wow, it's Meyer! Clembot, too!
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
SAWYER: Yeah, I see...
I'll note this experience!
ASH: Hey, guys!
BONNIE: Daddy!
CLEMONT:
Dad, what are you doing here?
MEYER: I thought I'd
bring you some goodies.
Just a little snack...
before the finals!
ASH: Looks so good!
CLEMONT: Look at all
the Lumiose Galettes!
SERENA:
I've heard they're so popular
they're almost
impossible to get!
BONNIE: Daddy, you're the best!
MEYER: Nah. It wasn't so hard...
CLEMBOT: Because I
waited in line to get them!
CLEMBOT: A two‐hour
wait is no big deal. Nope!
SERENA: It couldn't
have been that easy.
MEYER: No trouble.
We did it because of all of you.
It was a piece of cake!
CLEMBOT:
'Scuse me that's my line.
MEYER: Okay, eat up!
BONNIE/DEDENNE: Yippee!
ASH: 'Kay, g come on out!
TALONFLAME : [APPEARING]
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
GOODRA: [APPEARING]
SERENA: You, too!
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
PANCHAM: [APPEARING]
SYLVEON: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: And you, too!
CHESPIN: [APPEARING]
BUNNELBY: [APPEARING]
LUXRAY: [APPEARING]
ASH: Dee‐lish!
GOODRA: [AGREEMENT]
NOIVERN: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: Yummy, right?
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
CHESPIN: [EATING]
BUNNELBY: [CAUTIONING]
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Glad you like them!
SAWYER: So good! What a sweet
way to stimulate my brain!
SERENA: I see you have
quite a sweet tooth.
SAWYER: Brain too.
MEYER: Eat hearty!
I'm counting on you to show
us a great battle tomorrow!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/HAWLUCHA/
NOIVERN/GOODRA: [CHEERING]
SAWYER: Hey Ash?
Good luck in the finals.
I'll be cheering for you!
ASH: Great! Thanks, Sawyer.
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
CHESPIN/PANCHAM: [STARTLED]
PANCHAM: [DEMANDING]
CHESPIN: [SQUABBLING]
PANCHAM: [SQUABBLING]
BUNNELBY: [INTERVENING]
CHESPIN, PANCHAM: [SURPRISED]
BUNNELBY: [SURPRISED]
CHESPIN, PANCHAM: [YELLING]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
CHESPIN, PANCHAM: [YELLING]
PANCHAM: [RELIEVED]
PANCHAM: [CALLING]
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
CHESPIN: [SHOCKED]
MURKROW: [CELEBRATING]
CHESPIN: [HORRIFIED]
MAIRIN: Which one do I want?
STORE OWNER:
They say with one of these,
all your wishes will come true.
MAIRIN: Then I think
I'll get one for Chespie.
I'd like this, please!
STORE OWNER: Yes, miss!
ASH: Thank you!
SAWYER: See you later!
SERENA: Hold on...
SERENA: Pancham?
BONNIE: Chespin's missing, too.
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
BUNNELBY: [EXPLAINING]
CHESPIN: [DEJECTED]
MAIRIN: Are you alone?
Uh, where's your Trainer?
CHESPIN: [REALIZING] [CALLING]
MAIRIN: Don't cry. You lost?
CHESPIN: [CALLING]
MAIRIN: Wait. Here,
I'll help you find your Trainer!
CHESPIN: [QUIZZICAL]
MAIRIN:
Hi there! Mairin's my name.
My partner's a Chespin.
Just like you are!
MAIRIN: I call it Chespie!
CHESPIN: [INTERESTED]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
DEDENNE: [CALLING]
SERENA: It's Pancham!
PANCHAM: [SURPRISED] / [HAPPY]
SERENA: Where's Chespin?
PANCHAM: [EXASPERATED]
CLEMONT: So you got separated?
ASH: Whoa. Oh man...
Let's go look for it!
PIKACHU: [RESIGNED]
DEDENNE: [RESIGNED]
MAIRIN: There, there.
TREVOR: Hey, that's...
Clemont's Chespin, right?
CHESPIN: [GREETING]
TREVOR: I knew it!
BONNIE: Hey, Chespin?
ASH: Where'd you go?
TIERNO: There they are.
SHAUNA: You see? Over there!
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: Chespin!
CLEMONT: What a relief!
I'm glad you're all right.
CHESPIN: [APOLOGIZING]
SERENA: Pancham?
You're glad, too, right?
PANCHAM: [ANNOYED]
CHESPIN: [AMUSED]
PANCHAM: [SULKING]
CHESPIN: [PLACATING]
ASH:
Thanks, Tierno. Trevor. Shauna.
You helped us find Chespin.
TIERNO: No, it really wasn't us.
TREVOR:
Yeah. You should thank Mairin.
ASH: What...What's wrong?
MAIRIN: Uh, sorry about that!
I'm fine, really!
I didn't mean to worry you.
MAIRIN: The thing is...
I've got a partner.
It's a Chespin, too!
MAIRIN: So your Chespin
reminded me of my Chespie,
that's all.
SERENA: You call it Chespie?
PANCHAM: [QUESTIONING]
MAIRIN: Chespie's the
best at everything.
BONNIE: Maybe not everything.
Our Chespin's the best at
eating yummy Poké Puffs.
CHESPIN: [PROUD]
MAIRIN: That's awesome!
SERENA: So it reminded you.
Where's Chespie now?
MAIRIN: You see...
MAIRIN: Chespie's been
asleep for quite a while.
MAIRIN: It won't wake up.
SERENA:
Oh no. Mairin, I'm so sorry!
MAIRIN: Don't be. It'll be fine!
Right now, Chespie's being
treated at Lysandre Labs.
They're awesome!
SERENA: Oh, good...
PANCHAM: [SYMPATHETIC]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Ash. Hello!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Planning for tomorrow?
ASH: Professor Sycamore!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: What's this?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Hi, Mairin.
MAIRIN: Professor!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Good to see you.
Are you here to cheer for Alain?
MAIRIN: Uh huh...
ASH:
Wait. You're Alain's friend?
ALAIN: Charizard, Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MALVA: Congratulations on
making it to the finals.
MALVA: I'd guess winning
will be easy. Easy for you...
ALAIN: Don't bother me now.
I'm fine‐tuning.
MALVA: I'm sure. I never thought
you'd enter the Kalos League.
Knowing that you want to become
the strongest Trainer of all,
I guess that would make sense.
ALAIN:
Being the strongest Trainer
has nothing to do with this.
I want... to battle him.
That's all.
MALVA:
Are you talking about Ash?
MALVA: You're giving
him all this attention.
The boy should be flattered.
ALAIN:
What do you mean? Just tell me.
Is that the real you talking?
MALVA: I hear the Mega Evolution
energy gathering
is nearly complete.
So after you save Chespin,
then what do you do?
ALAIN: None of your business.
MALVA: Yes, you're right.
JESSIE: So tired...Please tell
me we're done for today...
JAMES: I'm starving!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Hey. Stifle it!
MALVA: Here we go...Let's edit!
MEOWTH: I thought we were done.
MALVA: Then how are we
going to get it on air in time?!
Come on. Get back to work.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Yes ma'am...
JESSIE: Wait 'til you
see w tomorrow brings.
We'll give you some big news.
JAMES: The Pokémon who
have made it to the finals
are quite a cadre of
especially strong specimens.
MEOWTH: We'll catch them
all and then we can eat!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Turn it down!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Have you seen Alain already?
MAIRIN: Not yet.
MAIRIN: I'll see him
after the finals are over.
I know he's gotta concentrate.
Don't wanna bother him.
MAIRIN: There will be plenty
of time to bother him later!
ASH: Got it.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: By the way.
Professor, why are you here?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Well, I've
been doing
quite a bit of research...
and I found this
about Greninja's powers.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE, ACT
BREAK: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"It's Sceptile!"
BRELOOM: [DRAIN PUNCH MOVE]
SAWYER:
So that's a Drain Punch...
SCRAFTY: [PAINED]
SAWYER: It's a powerful move
that drains an
opponent of its energy.
BRELOOM: [ENERGIZED]
SAWYER: Now, if they
decide to use Leech Seed,
they could possibly turn the
battle around in their favor!
SCEPTILE: [AGREEMENT]
SAWYER: It's so amazing.
There are so many battle
tactics I don't know yet.
Yeah. It sure is a
big world out there.
SAWYER: Pokémon battles
are deep all right...
SAWYER: Being able to battle
Ash at the Kalos League...
I've gained more experience
here than I could've imagined!
SAWYER:
And it was so much fun, too.
My greatest battle yet!
SAWYER: But...That's it.
My Kalos League
challenge is over now.
SAWYER:
I told Ash that I'd cheer him on
with a smile on my face.
And I will.
But it hurts.
It really hurts!
SCEPTILE: [SYMPATHETIC]
SAWYER:
I wish I could've battled more.
Just a little bit more!
SCEPTILE: [AGREEMENT]
SAWYER: I know what to do!
I'll get more experience!
This's no time for crying!
SCEPTILE: [AGREEMENT]
LEAGUE REP:
What do you think, Lysandre?
LEAGUE REP: We'll be happy
to provide this area for you
to view the final
match tomorrow.
LYSANDRE: I appreciate you
arranging this so quickly.
Thanks very much.
LEAGUE REP: Not at all.
It's an honor to have
such a well‐known resident
of Kalos come watch our event.
We all thank YOU!
LEAGUE REP: Well then,
I must be getting along.
If you need anything,
please call.
XEROSIC: Lysandre.
XEROSIC: We've taken
control of central Lumiose.
The Gym is closed for
the duration of the League,
so it was easy.
LYSANDRE: Tell me when
preparations are completed.
XEROSIC: I will. At once.
LYSANDRE:
What's Mairin doing now?
TEAM FLARE ADMIN: She made
contact with the Trainer
who will be battling
in the finals.
LYSANDRE: Oh...
That's Greninja's Trainer. Good.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: I was
looking at this old manuscript.
I found something. Look at this.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: They call
it the Bond Phenomenon.
ASH: Bond Phenomenon?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Here's what it says.
It's a rare phenomenon
that happens between Trainer
and Pokémon...when the bond
of trust between them grows.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: In addition,
it appears the Pokémon's
latent skills matter, too.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: So it's
not something that happens
with every Pokémon.
ASH: Then that means
Greninja's special, huh...
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
I remember saying how Greninja
chose you right
from the beginning.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
At the same time,
Greninja may have
been aware of its
many latent skills all along.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
It may have known that you, Ash,
would be the one who can
draw out its true powers.
Perhaps your encounter
was truly meant to be.
ASH: Yeah...
XEROSIC: Hurry with the setup!
TEAM FLARE GRUNTS X 3: Sir!
B CORE: [SCARED]
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
SQUISHY: [WORRIED]
MAIRIN: Thanks.
I'll be fine from here on.
BONNIE: Stay with us, please?
We want to talk with you more!
MAIRIN:
But Lysandre's waiting for me.
And I'd really rather
not bump into Alain...
MAIRIN: Chespin...
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
You're so sweet.
I'm so glad I met you!
CHESPIN: [EMBARRASSED]
PANCHAM: [EXASPERATED]
MAIRIN: You're a bit
different than my Chespie.
You act kind of silly, you know?
You're kind of like me.
CHESPIN: [EMBARRASSED]
SERENA: One thing, Mairin.
SERENA: If there's anything
we can do, just let us know.
We'll do whatever
we can to help!
BONNIE: We sure will!
SERENA: Good luck.
I hope Chespie gets well soon.
MAIRIN: Chespie's gonna be fine!
It'll get better soon.
I'm sure of that!
BONNIE: When it gets better,
please bring your Chespie over.
To play with Chespin!
CHESPIN: [AGREEMENT]
MAIRIN: Thanks a lot, you guys!
I will. See you soon!
MAIRIN: Wow. This was a fun day!
BONNIE: See you tomorrow, 'kay?
ASH: We're finally
going up against Alain!
What do we want? We want to win.
And we're gonna do just that!
ASH: Ready?
PIKACHU/GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/
HAWLUCHA/NOIVERN: [CHEERING]
ALAIN: Tomorrow is our battle
against Ash. I just can't wait!
ALAIN: Not sure why,
but that's how I truly feel.
CHARIZARD: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ALAIN: Charizard...
ALAIN:
Very soon... we'll have enough.
CHARIZARD: [HAPPY]
LYSANDRE:
Hi there. You must be Ash.
ASH: That's right. Who are you?
LYSANDRE: Lysandre.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
ASH: Mairin mentioned you.
LYSANDRE:
Oh? So you know Mairin?
ASH: Yeah, we were
just hanging out with her.
She left for her hotel.
LYSANDRE:
I came here to see you.
ASH: See me?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Got a sec? Let's catch up.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Wow,
Charizard! You look so strong!
CHARIZARD: [PLEASED]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
So much to say...
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: There's a
lot I want to tell you...
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
But now, the words escape me.
ALAIN: Are you angry
I didn't come back?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Angry? Oh, no.
I heard you've been working
with Lysandre on his work.
ALAIN: I have been.
I didn't want to put
you in any kind of danger.
ALAIN:
They say there's great value
in the energy that's
produced during Mega Evolution.
ALAIN: But there are those
who will use that power for evil
and do anything to get it.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
You did that...
so you could protect me?
ALAIN: And I can't return.
I lost far too much
after I left for my journey.
Until I can get them back...
I have to become much,
much stronger.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Do what you need to do.
LYSANDRE:
The talk of the Kalos League...
is totally about you
and your Greninja.
ASH: About the Bond Phenomenon,
right?
LYSANDRE:
Oh? The Bond Phenomenon...
ASH: That's right. You see,
Professor Sycamore looked
into it. So is that it?
LYSANDRE: Such power is amazing!
It's a new possibility
between people and Pokémon!
It's sure to be
a guiding light...
that ushers in a new world.
LYSANDRE: Mega Evolution...
I'm interested in it
and the bond that exists
between people and Pokémon.
I'd love to hear your story in
detail after the League is over.
LYSANDRE:
Can we make a promise to meet?
ASH: Sure...
LYSANDRE: Thank you!
Until then, I wish you the
best of luck in the finals!
ASH: Thanks!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
MAIRIN: Hi, Lysandre!
LYSANDRE:
Mairin! I have good news.
LYSANDRE: Everything will
be better tomorrow.
LYSANDRE: Chespie, too.
All because of the
Mega Evolution energy
Alain has gathered.
MAIRIN:
Thank goodness. I'm so relieved!
ANNOUNCER: The final round of
the Kalos League is upon us!
After one fierce
battle followed by another,
one last battle remains!
NARRATOR: As the entire
Kalos region watches,
two Trainers will
battle in the finals!
Who will emerge victorious?
NARRATOR: Will it be Ash?
NARRATOR: Or will it be Alain?
REFEREE:
Both Trainers please enter!
NARRATOR: As the Kalos League
reaches its conclusion,
both questions
will soon be answered,
as the journey continues!